Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 5, Let's Measure.
This unit has 36 vocabulary cards in 4 learning groups.
Group 1 is Counting in Tens.
Listen for words such as ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty.
Group 2 is Shapes and Patterns.
Listen for words such as circle, square, triangle, rectangle, heart, pattern.
Group 3 is Measuring Words.
Listen for words such as measure, ruler, centimetre, metre, length, height.
Group 4 is Comparing Words (Opposites).
Listen for words such as big, small, long, short, tall, short.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 5.